Okay, yeah the secret to life is to hit record slash send tweet. Yeah, you can always edit. No, I don't edit ever. Oh, fine. No, it's too much work. Just hit record and pray and see what happens. And prompt and pray. Exactly, prompt and pray. That's a... With emphasis on pray. Because it's just... It never gets it right the first time. But Pablo is gonna fix it. I mean, that was kind of the goal of the last couple of weeks is to teach the agents how to build nostrils properly. Yeah, I think we're really close. What's your guess? One shotting, like a DVM or something. I think that... I mean, yeah, we are definitely into something, but I believe that, you know, these publicity groups, you know, how they work, like when some new technology appears and the publicity group that they have were... Yeah, yeah, now we're in the hype phase. Yeah, we're in the hype phase. We haven't reached the top of that. And then when we reach the top, it's gonna be a moment of reflection. Yeah, the trough of disillusionment, right? That's what it's called, I think. Where everyone's like, "Oh, everything sucks. Bitcoin is dead. Nostra is dead. A lot of answers to you. Exactly. Nothing works. I think that is something that you can... I mean, I like to be informed and to read articles and stay up to date with news and so on. Did you read the 2027 one? Yeah, 2027. No. Hyper bullish super intelligence like tomorrow? No. I haven't read it completely. I read like an overview of it, but I haven't read it completely. I am reading a lot of articles lately about security implications of these new protocols, like INCP or the agents. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Prompt injection. In fact, there are some old sorts of possible attacks that we are not advising right now because it's so new and no one knows. Well, it's not that file. It's a nice prompt injection. So I think that all of these problematics that we are advising right now are something that people or researchers and security experts are putting on the public with all these articles. We are not suffering all of that yet because these tools are so new and these protocols are so new and it's really... it's just attached to a very niche part of the population. Yeah, it's also not everyone's playing around with it yet. It's not widely embedded everywhere yet, but it will be very soon, I feel like. I mean, it's mostly the good guys, so to speak, playing around with it now. The people most exposed to all these tools are basically AI researchers and collars and so on and so forth, but I think this will change very, very quickly. Yeah, definitely. I think that we are going to reach that critical mass. But before that, it's important that we as kind of explorers of this new work, we can advise the challenges of these new tools. I mean, my advice to everyone would be get a new laptop, a dedicated vibe coding machine, get dedicated hardware, don't put anything of importance on it, and just switch it to YOLO mode. That would be my advice. Use QBOYS and virtualize everything. Is that what you do currently? No. No? You have one machine. Let's go down here, otherwise we'll hit traffic. You have one machine and you just YOLO things. I know, I'm not YOLO. I'm very cautious. You have a different setup the most. You use Goose a lot as well, right? Yeah, I'm just experimenting with the power tools, you know, because as I'm developing this DB and CP stuff and playing a lot with NCP and so on, I normally don't use this as a consumer. I use it as a developer, so I try to find the best tools for that. And Goose is amazing indeed, because for example, recently when I was introducing this dynamic discovering of tools, MCP supports these notifications from the server to the client, where the server can notify to the client that the list of tools changed and gets updated. For example, I was testing it with Cursor or other clients, and the only one that works was Goose. Okay. Did you use RU code also? No. I haven't tested it yet. Were you part of the workshop with Pablo? Do you have a setup? In theory, do you have a working setup? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because it's very configurable. I would be surprised if RU couldn't do it, get the updated tools and stuff. I really believe that the security measures that we are going to see in the incoming weeks, months, years are going to be in different levels. But one of them, one of the most important parts is going to be in the client level, where you as a user execute tools from MCP servers and so on. And the client should provide you enough features to really understand what you are doing or the tools that you are executing. Yeah. And that's going to be a big security advantage. I think that's why Inoster is so awesome in that regard, and Hesert showed some of that off as well, because if you're doing something in Inoster world, you basically, if you're using an external signer like Amber, it can't really do anything destructive in your name. You always have the executive power on your side, just with the signer alone. And it's like whatever your agent is doing and whatever tool call is made, Amber will always pop up and be like, "Okay, do you want to sign this event?" Like if you have it configured that way. But I think that's super powerful. That's like a super interesting approach/paradigm. Like most other systems don't have. Because usually it's all or nothing. It's like, "Here's my API key and now you act on my behalf." And with the delegation possibilities of Inoster, I think it's super interesting that you can, you just can't have an agent and basically it can't really do anything destructive in that sense. So I think that's an interesting side effect. It always needs you to do the proper right. Like a disannoying windows thing. Like, "Yeah, are you sure?" "Yeah, sure, sure, sure." "Are you sure?" I mean, that's why most people go just like, "Yeah, yeah, always." Always sign that, it's fine. Let's make a run for it, we can do it. "Oh, fuck." "Oh no, it's breaking the law." "Don't die in traffic." "Jesus rolled over by car." We made it. "We'll stay alive." "I need to keep you on your toes." Everyone. I think that, you know, Jollomote is going to be something outdated so soon. Why? Because I don't believe that it's going to stay for longer. Because when more people start to use these new technologies and so on, we are not going to have that freedom to use, execute everything in Jollomote. Because there are going to be more exploits and more people wanting to exploit. Oh, you think so? You think people will switch back from Jollomote? I highly doubt it. Once you're in Jollomote, you never go back. I think that there are different levels of Jollomote. There is the reckless Jollomote, where you go... Yeah, yeah, sure. ...and totally unknown. I mean, RU already has this, where it's like, you know, you have more fine-grained permissions, but like it can always read a file, for example. But it can't always delete a file, stuff like that. Yeah, yeah, I know. But definitely the conception that we have about these tools have to change. Because it's impossible that we keep the same mentality that we have now for the future of these technologies, because there are going to be so many attack vectors. And people are going to be so compromised that I think it's impossible to say in the same level of your reckless Jollomote. Yeah, I think I discussed this with Pablo already a little bit. It's what was like, everyone will run into this problem. Like, you know, what agent to trust, what MCP tools to trust, what kind of, I don't know, even code snippets to trust, those kind of things. And I think Nostra really has a unique position there, because we do have identity and rep or trust baked in. So it's kind of, you know, trust everyone from my kind of closest circle on Nostra. Then it's like, you know, I whitelist a couple of NPUBs and I just trust whatever they sign off on or those kind of things. Everyone else will kind of have to rebuild this from scratch in some sense. And they will. Like, I mean, you know, there's many instances where this was done in the past, like, I don't know, like Steam in the gaming world, rebuild the social graph just for like gaming, for example, you know. So they will definitely do that and some of the companies will also succeed and so on. But I still think, I mean, we talked about this a lot the last couple of weeks, but everyone will run into those limits and those issues. And one of the limits is kind of web of trust. Like, one of the things you will run into is like, again, the trust question. The other one is the micro payment question. Yeah. And I think, again, like Nostra is perfect for that. I would add the verifiability of the... Yeah. Oh, that as well. Yeah, yeah. Of the access and the tools. Which comes completely... I don't even think about it anymore because it so comes for free on the Nostra site, like everything is signed, so you don't really need to manually verify in that sense. Yeah. That's true. I was looking this new specification for the A2A protocol. I think I was talking to you about this the other day. But I was watching this specification for the new Google protocol that A2A, A2A agents... Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. They're trying to build a more complicated version of Nostra basically in substance. It's fucking awful. Yeah. Like, it's a... the JSON specification. It's a 2000 lines JSON schema where there are a lot of nested objects, and the nested object has an authentication method. It's fucking hell. Yeah. Like, if you do... Probably JWS must have nested all the way down in one big JSON object. I can't guess how this looks like, but I don't want to look. I don't even want to look. It's not good to see. It's even worth to work with. Yeah, I mean, it's safe to say that they will go down that path, and maybe, you know, at some point in time in the future in a couple of years, turn around if our thesis is correct and the Nostra marketplace, so to speak, marketplace for agents and things, works well enough that they might begrudgingly adopt it later on. I mean, we made this comparison in the last couple of weeks a lot with, you know, like how Windows had to begrudgingly integrate Linux into their system, you know, and all those kind of things where it's just... That was thought impossible like 20 years ago or so, and they open... It's inevitable. Like, the minimalistic open kind of, I don't know, you know, Unix ethos system just one out in the end, basically, and one out big time. So, yeah, that's how I see this going. What was your motivation, by the way, to start working on DVMCP? Totem. Totem? Yeah. So, we have to thank Tamagotchi for this. Oh, yeah. We have to thank Tamagotchi for so many things, but this is one of these things that we have to think. Awesome. I didn't know that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very few people will know what Totem is, by the way. Maybe explain it in a minute or two. Totem is a project that's working with Sandwish. We are creating some sort of experience on top of Rida and Noser. So, you want to turn relays into Tamagotchi, basically? Yeah, basically, yes. Short, yes. But the other day, I was visiting some notes that they have for Totem. I saw the line that kind of gave me the inspiration to work on DVMCP and was used DVMs as wrapper for NCP. Yeah, okay. That was the line. How long ago was it? A month ago. Just before I started this server engineering. That's funny. Life moves fast. Yeah, life moves fast. I mean, the whole NCP protocol is very young. Yeah, it is. To Mons or Trimos. Yeah, to me it's just a natural fit to use Noster to look up MCP tools and to look up, like, look up all the things, basically. Look up, and that's what Pablo is building out right now. I'm going to share the tutorial again, but it's basically... What you want to do is you have to specialize agents and you want to kind of box them in, because the main issue right now is that if the agents aren't constrained, they just go wild and stuff breaks all the time and so on. And they're also not Noster experts. Agents aren't really experts in that sense. So most large models in particular are generalists and so on. And so the way to box them in is, first of all, with the MCP tools, like what they can do, basically. But also in terms of how do you use... I mean, I always use Pablo's example, how do you use NDK? And you have various code snippets, like, okay, this is basically the documentation for you. This is how you do a profile lookup. This is how you do NIP 60, NIP 61, whatever. This is how you sap someone. And then the LLMs aren't confused on how to do that. And the success rate of doing it in that way. And of course, all this stuff, you can use Noster to look it up. Like, you look up the code snippets with Noster, you look up the MCP tools with Noster. All those kind of things. And I basically... I used it myself a little bit as well, but I mostly watched over Pablo's shoulder. And the funny thing is, with the snippet approach, for example, if you fix an issue once, the LLM is always confused about, I don't know, even stupid things, like fetching some data. Because millions of answers on Stack Overflow are always like, okay, you query this REST API. Like in the Noster world, it's nonsensical. And you will always try to fetch something from an API and so on. And then you fix it once and you say, okay, no, this is the way to fetch it. And it will never make that mistake again. And that's just so amazing to me. Like, that's so cool. And of course, with the MCP tools that we have now, it's like, basically while you're coding, you can publish these code snippets. It's like, okay, you just made this mistake. Here is how you do it in a Noster way. Create a snippet, publish it to Noster, and don't confuse yourself anymore going forward. And it actually works. It's really amazing. Yeah, I think that the important part of this is that we have something like LLMs that are kind of black boxes that are stateless, that doesn't have any concept of context. Yeah, they don't have long-term memory. That's the issue. Yeah, you have different techniques and different ways to provide that and to enhance the context. But definitely LLMs are just a black box that have a general knowledge about everything, but about nothing specific. How you provide that and enhance that context is a whole world. Yeah, absolutely. It's a whole piece of art. Like, they are raxisms. They are just explicit content, a reference. Yeah, that was something that was discussed also the last couple of weeks. It's like basically building up specialized RAG databases and having them signed by their domain experts. And then it's kind of very easy to figure out what to use and what is actually... It's very easy for the LLMs to grab domain-specific knowledge. And I think that's super cool. That's huge. It's like... I see it in the same way as Kasparov sees the chess computers. I think the strongest... It's not that the chess computers took over and they played against each other and dominated the chess world now. The strongest systems are hybrid systems, are human machine systems. And in terms of now having vibe-coded intensely for like six weeks straight basically, it's clear to me that in the foreseeable future, this is what we have to do. We need to have this human-agent interaction that we need to have also... We need to infuse domain expert knowledge into those systems. And I think NOSR is a very natural system to do that, to make this happen. I'm spreading exactly that with the Beating Heard project. The Beating Heard project is something that I was just kissing with Joe here in 7-Eleven Engineering. And also, Alex Glyzon was interested on the topic and so we are working kind of together on that, very synchronously. But basically the Beating Heard is a rack database that is made out of an NCP tool. Like you have an NCP server that provides you access to a rack database. And this is something very, very cool that I think that I haven't seen... I haven't saw that other people exploring this solution because rack databases are normally tailored for a specific system. But it really opens the door for a kind of pluggable context or domain expert context. Because the Beating Heard has all the needs and context about the specific kinds and how to implement them. A very comprehensive documentation on that that can be retrieved with natural language. Very cool, like LLMs can do that very easily. And I made it in a way that you have embed databases. So this whole context, the embedding database is all a single file that you can, for example, upload to Blossom. And then you can do the same, create a list of the rack databases that you have there. And then suddenly you have a pluggable context and pluggable experts or domain specific content that you can plug into your system and benefit of that by providing real context about the domain that you want to work with your LLM. Yeah, I think that's awesome. The awesome part about it is also, like you said before, the verifiability is baked in. Everything is self-signed, so to speak. I mean, it's pure Nostere events and again, like Blossom uploads and so on. And the result of that is that you don't ever need an API key for anything. And that's something that's such a killer feature from a developer perspective, where you can just plug all this together and you don't need to sign up anywhere and enter an API key and anything like that. I mean, we will still have to deal with spam and rate limiting and all those kind of things, but we can do that easily with Web of Trust and eCache basically. Everyone will have to deal with that. Everyone will have to deal with that. The default way is like, you know, signups and KYC and all those kind of things. And the Nostere way is basically Web of Trust and payments. Web of Trust and SETs. I mean, the original proof-of-work vision of, you know, like it was both alphine and Adam Back had the idea basically of like, it was basically rate limiting. It was like postage stamps for emails and those kind of things. It was a spam prevention mechanism. And we just used a difficulty adjusted spam prevention mechanism that is SETs. SETs and social signaling. Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, all that's really cool. Like for me, like, again, playing around with that, and I don't, you know, I don't see myself as a developer anymore, that the train is long gone, but I am vibing again, you know, so there's that. And it's just so cool to be able to do all that and use all that and not have to worry about the signups and API keys and whatnot. I mean, if you just, if you ever entered the Google Developer Console and tried to, you know, create an OS2, to open or whatever, it's like, you know, like five days are gone and it still doesn't work. And here it's just, it's basically plug and play. So that's really cool. Yeah, that's a kind of authentication hell that I was talking about with the A2A Protogran. Like, they cannot make this protocol free and really interoperable or that's really something that really worths the spur, because they are gonna use four in the same problems that they have now that is a fucking hell. Someone needs to say who is a legit user and who isn't. Yeah, that's right. And so that's with the D&E people as well, you know, someone has to be the certificate authority, for example, and all those kind of things. And so all these systems like massively centralized and basically turned into massively authoritarian systems, because, you know, there will be, I don't know, like, you know, depending on whatever, depending on the political weather, it's like, okay, the developers are from Iran or whatever, okay, we have to deplatform all of them. Like, if your IP is from this country, then, you know, like someone with a very large stick will come and will tell everyone, okay, you have to blacklist all those IPs, you have to remove all of that and so on. For, it doesn't, you know, like, and I mean, we've seen it very recently that a lot of the reasons are incredibly stupid for these kind of, you know, like measures and deplatforming and so on. And it's basically, in my opinion, it's an impossible problem and there are no solutions to this problem in the sense that you can't, like, you either are okay with a central authoritarian authority, you know, certificate authority. It has authoritarian in its name. Or you have to be okay with the decentralized, messy, you know, doing it on the edges way of how Noster is thinking about it, which means also, you know, like, it's not a perfect solution. It's like, Web of Trust is gameable. It's like if someone has a lot of money, your rate limiting mechanism can be overwhelmed, all those kind of things. Like, I can pay to spam you and so on. Yeah, but as we said, like, these problems are problems that everyone has to pass through. Yeah. And there is no Gordon, like, a... There's no silver bullet. Yeah, exactly. There's no silver bullet. The trade-offs for these problems are so big and so limiting that they are going to fall in, yeah, in something unusable. Yeah. As, right now, it's unusable, like, all these, all of these new logging methods and so on. Like, it's making the life of everyone much more difficult. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, OAS is a good use case as well for kind of like, it had the best intentions. And I think it was just a little bit too complicated on the technical side. And it also, like, it's centralized massively because it's basically once Google or Facebook becomes an all-est promider, no one else is going to care about anything else anymore in some sense. Yeah. It was really funny how that, you know, evolved in some sense. But, yeah, we'll see how it goes with, I mean, there's still a long way until we can log in with NOSR everywhere. But at least it has the potential. Yeah. To make it work. Yeah. I mean, for me, one of the most exciting parts and the reason why I'm spending time and energy in these fields of open source, sorry, IA and tools and all of these. Sorry. Oops. Sorry. Sorry. If I'm spending all this energy and time, it's because there is a very clear path for open source in these new technologies, like all the IA. War is based on open source in the 50s, 70s. Yeah. All the work that have been done in that field is open source. All the technologies that we have mostly, almost all of them is open source or there are open source alternatives that was the original one. Do you use open source models exclusively right now? Yeah. You're a purist. I don't touch any open IA or I'm dropping nothing. I like to use my own models or proxies. So what have you used so far? Mostly. Models? Yeah. Models. Models. I like to spend them and to play with them locally. The ones that I can afford. So you haven't upgraded your hardware yet? No. So it's tiny llama? Tiny llama. I got seven billion parameters, models, things like that. I can afford much more. It's funny that most of the tiny ones are kind of good enough for a lot of things. Oh yeah. It's really you. Tiny models is also something that really excites me of this field because they give you some capacity, some computation, but it's not like an intelligent model that can solve big problems for you, but definitely they can do some stuff and also you can train them and make them accurate for your specific use case. Yeah, for that specific task and so on. And I think that there's something really interesting in tiny models because they are going to allow things to appear like this protocol by Stanford that is called Minions. I haven't heard about it yet. Minions? Minions model. Is it like a? No, it's not a model. It's a protocol itself. Okay. But what's presented by Stanford? Does it have anything to do with the little yellow minions? Is that the idea? Yeah. A swarm of students? Yeah, exactly. It's a swarm of small, stupid models. Exactly. Great. It's exactly that. Okay. So the protocol describes a way to have this swarm of minions. Minions do something useful. Yeah. Exactly. Even though every single one is super stupid. Yeah. Okay. So the idea basically is that you can kind of decompose a task into different minions that you can have and these minions are going to be collaborating with a standard provider that can be a more powerful model or a proprietary model. But the key here is that the minions are going to be anonymizing the data and make it more specific, creating more specific tasks for the big model. So you are going to be anonymizing the data. So you still have a big model. You still have a generalist, so to speak. You still have a big model architect that has the overview and those kind of things. Yeah. An orchestrator for the minions in some sense. Yeah. Tiny models are stupid. Yeah, absolutely. They are very dumb. But they are really good for a specific, very concise task. Yeah. So they can... Give me one second. I'm not sure if I hit record, actually. It's like, "Yeah, there we go." Nice. You couldn't be very dramatic. No, no, no, no. It's so good. It's so good. I always have a backup kind of... You know, now that I have had half of my coffee, the brain starts firing again. I guess that's interesting. But it's... Because what is interesting in nature, you have a lot of like stupid things without a big orchestrator and it still works and produces something smart, like an ant colony or what have you, you know. But in... Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I was asking whether there's still a big one in some sense in charge because I talked about this, I think with hazard as well, but with Pablo in particular that to me it's fascinating that we see the split between generalists and specialists and it has to happen, like it has to be that way. All the cognitive scientists will tell you it has to be this way because you cannot specialize and generalize at the same time. It's in contradiction basically. Yeah. And so what I think we could have also in theory in some sense is something like you're describing but without a smart orchestrator model in charge in some sense. I mean... I'll have to look into that. That sounds fascinating. It's a very interesting project because... You said Stanford? Stanford, yeah, the university. But it's very interesting because it explores different topics that we are going to need to explore like a privacy in IA or in the interaction with LLMs and how to leverage like a local compute that you can afford with these tiny models. So that not everything concentrates in Facebook data centers basically. Yeah, exactly. So the key here is that you can get your queries or your prompts anonymized. Yeah. I see. Like SETI at home. Like SETI at home. You know that from the old days searching for extraterrestrial life at home with like running a screensaver and stuff. So that would be Minions at home where it's just like you have whatever compute packets that you run and yeah, well, yeah, but they will run into the issue of payments. Yeah. Because you want to sell your idle GPU or CPU or RAM or what have you. Oh yeah. I mean, that's what actually in the first cohort we talked a little bit about that with blinded compute and I talked with Kelly about that as well like blinded compute and zero knowledge proofs and those kind of things. That's going to be so interesting when like it's not an if but it's an when like when we get this to work. Yeah, I think that as I was saying at the beginning we are in this like the left side of this publicity group like at the hype. Yeah, we're also at the left side of the bell curve. Yeah, I hope. This is a good part. But for me the fascinating part is that no sir kind of fits well in all of this new paradigm because it's have some kind of answers to the problems to the problematics that we are starting to see. Yeah. And for me that is fascinating because it's kind of get it right. I mean, it's also it's not super surprising. I mean, not sir was built, Bitcoin was built for people for people at the edges. It's like what do you do? What do you use when you don't have an identity? Like you're from Ghana and you're 14 and but you have access to some contued but you don't even you don't have a passport. You don't have an ID. You don't even know when your birthday is those kind of things, you know, and agents have the same problem. They are not like in the eyes of the state. They are not people. And so they can't KYC, you know, like they have all these issues and so on. And that's on the identity side. And that's why I mean, not some people thought a lot in Bitcoin people in general. They thought long and hard about identity. What do you need? What kind of identity do you actually need to authenticate yourself towards a compute system in some sense? And it's not a passport. Like that's I mean, cypherpunks figured out a long time ago. It must not be a state sanctioned identity because that again, it if you have a certificate authority, you run into authoritarian problems. That's just how it how it works. And the other part on the Nostra side, which I mean, you know, like Bitcoin is in particular kind of thought long and hard about Nick Sabo in particular is the micro payment side and the kind of what is the difference between credit and money? And why do you why can't you use credit basically for most of those things? And and you always run into these limits, settlement limits with micro payments and also cognitive decision limits and all those kind of things. And I don't know of another group of people that thought about this problem for an extended period of time, but actually actively worked on solutions. And so so it's again, like it's not it's not surprising. It's it's very poetic that Nostra is kind of the perfect fit, but it's also not very surprising because again, agents, they're going to need some sort of identity and it's not going to be state sanctioned identity and they need some sort of payments and it's not going to be stripe accounts. It's not going to be credit rates like they can't they just can't do it. And we already have agents that can autonomously SAP with Nip 60. And and we also have I mean, you build stuff where you can pay agents and agents can pay lightning and voices and so on. So all that stuff already works. It's just like no one knows about it. There's like three people that are in the world that are experimenting with that right now. So we have a little bit early problematics, you know, about how to do things and the path and specifications and some of these are different discussions. I mean, none of that is perfect by any means, but the thing is that it it it is the right solution in in theory, so to speak. And it also already works in practice. And I think that's what that's why I urged everyone to kind of, you know, write up a tutorial and other people play around with it because the stuff is further along than you would think. And no one really knows about it yet, especially on the AI side. The AI people don't really know about this stuff yet. Even in our little Nosterbubble, most people don't know that we actually have autonomous agents already that can SAP things. Fucking hell, man. Fucking hell. And that's true because, you know, it's going to be permissionless or hell. Like I it's not a middle ground. Like I cannot be semi permission and still working. You have to be totally permissionless. Like I should be able to do anything within a local scope. I don't need the global scope for the majority of things. Like for example, if I want to automate my house and have some NCP tools that control the lights on my house, I don't want to ask permission to Google or to anyone. You also don't want to send all that stuff to the cloud, you know, and all those kind of things. Definitely not. Yeah, that's the cool thing that also the Noster architecture and the eCache as well. And it's very usable in a local first environment. It's just like you can set up your home relay. You can, you know, do all those kind of things. You can set up a mint at home like who cares. And you just, you know, you all the data stays in your house basically all the stuff stays in your house. You don't again, you don't need an API key. You don't need the cloud for anything. And it's still super powerful stuff. So yeah, yeah, we'll see. We'll see. I mean, again, like you said, none of that works. We have our own issues working through all of that. We are discovering them. And there's going to be solutions and ways to more clear ways to do things. Once we discover what is the real potential of all of this, because now everyone is experimenting. And that's why it's a very exciting technology, you know, like a technology that doesn't fully work. It works sometimes, but it's not yet like a solid in a way. So that makes that this technology exciting. Yeah, I hope that more people are going to pick it up. Let's do one more ring around here and then let's go to the park or something. But I hope that more people are going to play around with DVMCP and all those kind of things and just actually publish code snippets and publish MCP tools and so on. Because it's super easy to do actually. And we have the marketplace already. And once you have a marketplace, I think that's what I talked about this briefly. I think on Friday night or something. I think most awesome software, most great things that we have today came from the marketplace approach in some sense. And the way I mean it is like most browsers, for example, that we have that are fantastic, they were made fantastic by a community of people that was writing extensions. And then the extensions got merged upstream and it just became a normal thing and those kind of things. And we really need to tap into that basically, into the wisdom of the crowd in some sense. Games as well. The biggest games that we have now in the world, like computer games, they were all mods. They were all game mods. Like Dota came from Warcraft 3 basically was just a defense of the Asians mod. And Counter-Strike came from Half-Life Deathmatch basically and all those kind of things. And I can't wait to see what other people are going to build, what kind of MCP tools they are going to build, what kind of DVMs they built once they realize that there is this marketplace. And also an important part I think will also be like you can immediately make money with it. I mean right now it's like you're going to make 20 sets, I don't know, 21 probably. But the fact that money and identity and reputation is infused into all of that makes it so exciting. Because you can actually, it's like a permissionless app store and you can publish to it. And app stores show for example that this is really already working. And app store is very, very young as well. I mean it came out of the first cohort basically so it's less than a year old. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah, that's why I have so high hopes for DVMTP as well and all those kind of things. I also think, I totally agree with you. And I also think that it's such a powerful thing because you know all this like a kind of fake sensation of control that these big companies have about us. It's not going to work because... Look at the fucking viruses that are in the app stores in the place. Yeah, it's like insane. But apart of that I think that we have this sensation of control by them because we don't have the right way to collaborate. Yeah. Like we was talking the other day about the whole YouTube. It became a fucking hell to use to enjoy watching videos and so on because you are going to get rate limits or you are going to get a banner. If you use a VPN you are not welcome anymore. Exactly. I literally wanted to download a video that I myself uploaded, that I myself recorded of a talk that I myself gave from my own YouTube account. And I couldn't. I couldn't. It wouldn't allow me. It's fucking ridiculous. I tried for a long time. For longer than I would like to admit. Yeah. But for me disabling my VPN is very involved because I basically like I have two routers and on every router I run a separate VPN. And so I'm not going to go into my router settings and disable all VPNs. I just gave up and I was like, okay, I guess I'm never going to upload anything to YouTube anymore. Yeah. But I think that's the, and we discussed this also a little bit the last couple of weeks. I hope that Nostra can provide a kind of safe haven for that as well where it's just like. I feel so. You have, and DVMs will play a part in that as well because you don't want to do all that manually. Basically, I have a YouTube account. I have some videos on it. I want to basically grab them and archive them on my own, on my private blossom, for example. And it's just like, I'm willing to pay for that. So if there's a DVM for that, if someone creates a DVM for that, please let me know because like you'll have my sets so that I can have my videos again. Yeah. That's what I was hoping. If we found the good ways to collaborate between us and share the resources that we have, for example, the IP, the domestic IP that we have, and everyone has, when they have internet. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of VPN. Yeah. You are just sending your IP. Blossom server as a service. If you have some hard drive space left and so on. Yeah. It's like, same for the GPUs and the CPUs. Exactly. I think that this kind of fake sensation of control that these companies have about us is because we haven't found yet the right way to collaborate. Yeah. And I think that NOSER have something, got something right in their approach to communication and the architecture of the network and so on, that we can find the right ways to collaborate and really reduce the amount of control that these companies and these entities have over us. Yeah. Let's hope that we'll figure it out. I mean, it's about time. It's like, stuff will only get more restrictive, I think, and more crazy kind of. And it's just now everyone. I mean, it's funny how it works now because basically all these giant companies were built up to lock everyone in. It's like giant prisons in some sense and you're locked in this golden cage and you're getting advertisements shoved down your throat. Fucking brutal. It's fucking brutal, yeah. And that's how they made their wealth basically. And now it's like this switcher rule where, you know, it's still a cage, but now at the same time that this is happening, you're used as training data basically. And so I think this will only get worse and more political and like, you know, how, like, what is the LLM allowed to say and see and what do you train it on? And it's like, we see this with the Chinese LLMs already, where it's like, you know, I don't know, like Tiamat Square or whatever. Whatever the usual phrases are to test these systems. It's like, "Ah, I can't tell you anything about this because it never happened." And I mean, and don't make the mistake that, you know, the glorious West, the glorious US has everything perfect and doesn't meddle with history and doesn't meddle with censorship. It's just a different kind of, you know, manipulation and censorship and so on. So I really think that when we reach the top of the publicity group, that it's going to happen eventually in one year, two years, do you name it? I don't know. But when we start to go down, I think that it's going to, going down is going to be driven by these fundamental questions about all of this, like, from where the LLM gets the data that is used. What is true? What is true? Yeah, what is true? That's going to be the question. Yeah, like all the intellectual property people are going to be questioning all these things, artists, there are going to be a lot of questions that are going to drive a lot of discussion. And I think that this discussion is going to slow down in some way or at least make people realize what is the potential or what is the real scope of LLMs. Yeah. Because I think that we are not realizing yet because we are so excited and so hyped for these new technologies that we are not answering those questions yet, as well as we are not answering. We're vibing into dystopia? Yeah. Yeah. Right now? Yeah. I don't disagree. I don't disagree. We are going to realize that eventually and we are going to have to answer questions that we haven't answered yet. So I think that it's going to drive a bit the realization. I'll have to undress. I feel the flames of hell already. Yeah, it's going to be hard. I mean, give me a second. So it turns out that the founding fathers of the US... Oh my lord. Is it still rolling? Is it bulletproof? No one knows. Oh yeah, it still works. Let's go. Bulletproof, yeah. I'm just glad I didn't drop it into the sea. It would be entirely possible as well. But I mean, I feel like we went through all that before. Okay, without LLMs, but still, probably without LLMs. Who knows what kind of technology the Egyptians had. Yeah. But I mean, there's a reason why we don't dictate truth. There's a reason why everyone should be heard and everyone should be allowed to speak and why we landed on the First Amendment and why the Logos is sacred and so on. I mean, I always repeat the same things. But there is a deep-seated reason, and it is exactly the reason that the world is so complex, you cannot... There is no... Who should be the arbitrar of truth? It's sure as fuck, it's not going to be an LLM. And so you need this open, permissionless world that allows anyone to speak, otherwise, including LLMs, including agents, including regular people and so on. Otherwise, we have no chance of figuring out what's true. No chance at all. If there's only two or three models and they determine what the truth is, or there's one skynet and it determines what the truth is, we're in hell already. There's no difference. And I feel like that's what annoys me about all the AI bros. And I listen to so many of them now. I just want to puke. My brain is basically throwing up constantly because I just too-exed all the eyebrow talking over the last couple of months into my brain. And it's very apparent to me that no one of them ever listened to any philosopher's ever. And they actually figured some things out over the last couple of thousand years. And Silicon Valley is very dismissive of all that stuff. But talking about philosophy, I think that there's a very important topic to touch because we kind of forget fundamental questions in our modern times. Like I'm talking about 50 years ago or something, we didn't have the penetration of the technology that we have nowadays in society. And we're still not answering some fundamental questions about that. And we kind of knifely use everything. We never understood what means to have instant communication between people. Oh yeah, I am. For example, we still don't know. We still don't know what the internet is basically. Exactly. And we are talking about things that now people take as totally normal. And even something required. I mean, it's very obvious that we are not well adapted to that. And that's the reason why the suicide rate is as high as it ever was in the history of humanity. That we have the meaning crisis. I mean, I mentioned Verwecchi all the time in conversation. But if you ever want to learn about the meaning crisis, basically, that's your guy. He has a 50 part lecture on why is it that everyone feels hopeless and meaningless. And why do we have a math problem worldwide? Why do we have a suicide epidemic and all those kind of things? I think it relates to all this stuff where... And that's also one thing that the eyebrows, for example, get wrong. I think it's... We are in some sense disconnected from reality already. Just by being on the screens all the time, doom scrolling all the time and so on. Not really touching grass. We do it right now. Screen. Literally touching grass right now. That's why this is outside. Outside. But I mean, again, these are not my arguments. It's all Verwecchi's arguments. We lost touch with reality and that is very, very unhealthy. Fairies. The thing about the LLMs is they were never in touch with reality in the first place. And so his whole argument is like to make them truly care about information, we would have to embody them because why do you care about information? It's basically... I'm gonna die. Yeah, if you don't care about drinking or eating, you're gonna die. So if you're really, really thirsty, your whole salience landscape and your whole being is about, "I need to drink." And that's the information you care about and everything stems from there. So basically, true human-like intelligence grounds out in being itself and grounds out in embodiment and all those kind of things. And the AI bros completely glance over that. They're just like... I think that they are using more people than assuming things as normal. Like, this is what I was talking about. Also, why do you want to spread out and conquer? First of all, not every human. A minority of humanity wants to spread out and conquer everything. A minority of like psychopaths, basically. Most people are content, you know? It's like, truly a minority of humans wants to spread through the universe and plant their seed everywhere and conquer everything. And all the AI people basically make the argument that this is what the AI is gonna do because it wants to do, because it's the right thing to do. It's like, why is exploration... Why does it have such a high value in the first place? Because scientists are explorers and all the AI arguments are written by researchers which are scientists. You know, like, why go out and find out new things? What's the appeal? Like, a tree doesn't do that. But we would never argue that the tree is not alive, for example. Or also, like, a tree is very smart as well, you know? It's like, we wouldn't... We have a better smart shape for the environment. Yeah, you're adopted to the environment and so on. And it's unclear to what kind of environment the LLMs are adapted for because, again, they're not really embodied in that sense. And I mean, they're adapting right now for, you know, like... If you want to be... I don't know, if you want to be generous and it's like a symbiotic relationship with humanity, if you want to be, I don't know, more... If you woke up with the doomer foot in you, then it's like... They're parasitic on humanity. It's like... But, yeah, I don't know. Anyway, well, thanks for coming to my TED Talk. The coffee is clearly working, yeah? It's weird for me, too. But I think that there is something very important to reflect here, because... Like, the penetration of technology, as I was saying, is something that is new, you know? Like, we don't understand it yet as a society. There are experts that say, or, you know... -Such as the experts... -The Amish got it right. -Exactly. -I'm telling you. -I was saying... -The older I get, the more... Also visually, the more I turn myself into an animal. Yeah, they got it right, definitely. But I think that we are gonna... We are gonna have to pass through all these answers and questions. Like, we are gonna have to answer a lot of the questions that we avoid to answer for more than 50 years. Do you think we're gonna make it? -I think that we are gonna make it. -You're optimistic in the end. I'm bullish on philosophy, definitely. I think that we are gonna recover some fundamental questions that we avoid to answer for so many years. And that's because we are gonna reach some level of consciousness about the environment that we are living in and the surroundings that we have around. For example, I was seeing yesterday this case of... What was it called? Sarah with... I don't know. This woman that is against Facebook. -Meta. -Ah, yeah. She's revealing all these details and documents. Didn't she also write... Didn't she also... I think she sued Pornhub with that same one. I don't know, maybe. I used to know her. -I don't know, but I'm not sure. -What did you say? Sarah White or something like that? Sarah White. -Sarah White. -Something more. I don't remember it right now. I'm very bad for names. I'll try to find... Because there's a great book on it. -Yeah. -On the Pornhub thing. -But it might be something else entirely. -It was published three days ago. Okay. But she, in this... like, declaration that she do, she talked about whole Facebook or Meta now. They kind of leveraged their ability to spy into the world, sorry, into the life of people. -Absolutely. -Because for example, they treat... like, if you are a teenager, a teenager of 13 years old, or 13 between... 13 and 17, and you, for example, upload a selfie, and then you delete the selfie, they take this as a signal. -Of course. -Of kind of depression. -Yeah, sure. -Or bad mood. -Targeted advertisement for some mood boosters. -Yeah. -Let's go. -So, which means that the advertisement industry is gonna try to make you down all the time. -Sure. -To set you things. -Because it's more efficient. -Sure. -It's more effective for them to set you things with your depressed. I don't even think that this was the plan from the get-go. I don't think all these companies were founded to, "Hey, let's do this, and let's like, you know, make all the 14-year-old teenage girls depressed, and then, you know, sell them pills and whatever." I don't think that was the plan. But once you build the system, and you do this data-driven advertisement campaigns, basically, this is what works best. -Yeah. -You know? And it's like, you don't even stand back and reflect, and ask, "Why are we doing this?" It's just like, "Okay, we have to hit the quarterly profit margins, and we have to, you know, we are obliged to maximize shareholder value," and all this kind of stuff. And then you just do all these things, and it's like, "Okay, if we tweak this little knob here, then we'll increase our revenue by like, you know, 10% or whatever." And that's how it happens. -It's just like, it's hell, man. -When I was listening to this woman, I got the first image that appeared in my mind was, you know, Harry Potter, the mentors. -Yeah. -Like, these kind of spirits that sucked your bad energy, and they could fit by that. -Yeah, absolutely. -So that was the first image that appeared in my mind. -Yeah. -Just yesterday when I was hitting this woman. -Yeah. -As a fact, again, how the fact we, as a society, we let entities like these take us, and manage our emotions and our state. -And that's the thing. That's also what most people kind of gloss over, like bringing it back to the LLMS and all those kind of things. It's a corporation like Facebook or like Google or what have you, is already alien intelligence. -Yeah. -It's a non-human intelligence. -Yeah. -Like a city or a corporation or a state or what have you, is already super human intelligence. It just is. And so we can deal with those as well in some sense, you know? Like, they are not necessarily destroying us all and so on. I mean, Facebook and Google a little bit, but still. But you get my point. It's like people forgot that we already have these agentic systems that are bigger than a single human, and we learn to kind of deal with them. I think we suck at it. I think we're really bad at it right now. I think we used to be better in the past. -Yeah. -Because in the past, everything we had is spirit. We knew how to, like, we were able to deal with this better because we knew that these things existed. There is such a thing like, I don't know, the spirit of anger or the spirit of lust that you know how to deal with it, for example. Like, it's its own entity that does things. And if you're possessed by a spirit, then that's how you act and so on. And it's like, I think we see this with the Facebook engineers, for example. It's like, if you're possessed by Facebook and you're sitting in there and you use your computer science degree to optimize the click-through rate of, like, you know, like, depression pose for 14-year-olds, like, you're possessed by the spirit of Facebook. -And that's not a good thing. -Yeah. -And you're being it. -Yeah. Well, anyway. So, DVMs are gonna fix that. Not that I'm making a free-load of technology. I'm gonna fix that. I'm filling it, yes. But it is actually, like, another book recommendation since you mentioned Harry Potter. Most people don't know about the book, but it is a great Bitcoin book. It's MoMo by Michel Ender. It's a German book, a German author. But it was translated. And it's basically, there are similar entities like the Harry Potter spirits that you mentioned that suck. -Yeah. -That's the-- -The Dementors. The Dementors that suck stuff out of you and so on. -Yeah. -And for this book, for MoMo, it's the gray man, like, they look like gray men in suits. And they're time thieves. -Yeah. -So, for me, conceptually, it's inflation. -Exactly. -So, it's basically the bankers that are inflating the currency and they are stealing your time. -Yeah. -And that's what the book, basically, those are the villains of the book. -And if you read the book through a Bitcoin lens, it's like fantastic, it's like it. Everything makes perfect sense. -Yeah. -Yeah. -So, a great book. -Yeah. I-- something that you say, like, that we was more kind of conscious some time ago, -that we are now. -Yeah. -Sapping is a more conscious action than, like, watching the TikTok feed. -Yeah, yeah. No, but you're talking about the technology and penetration of it in our lives. -Yeah. -Like, I remember when I was a-- a kid and Internet arrived to my home. -Yeah. -And my parents were so worried because I should not upload nothing. -Did the Internet still make sounds or you're quite a bit-- I think you're quite a bit younger than me, but it was still like you could listen to the Internet. -Yeah, I could listen. -I could listen. -I could listen to the Internet through the phone. -Fantastic. But my parents were so worried because, you know, you should be careful to not upload nothing and no personal information, no photographs. -Yeah. -And now it's like a sonormalize that everyone is putting photos of their assets. -They-- they-- they were ahead of the curve. -Yeah. -Is that-- is that why you are privacy conscious because of your parents? -They normally-- I don't know. Yeah, probably. But, uh, now they are normalizing it. -Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. -You know, as everyone. -As everyone. -It's completely normalized. You're a weird one. I'm always the weird one when I say, like, "You know, please don't take pictures of my face, for example." [laughter] It was a lot of work to not have my face on the Internet, so don't ruin it in an instant, please. -Yeah. -Yeah. I mean, that is a fucking big discussion that we're gonna have to do also. -Yeah. -Or the privacy implications of this new technology. I don't think-- I don't think, like, we're gonna make it in that sense. I think it's just gonna be normal. And now with the generative models, for example, it's just like-- I mean, uh, Revenge Porn has a new dimension now with generative porn. -Yeah. -But it's not all bad, because you have plausible deniability now. -Yeah, yeah, yeah. -I know what you can say. [laughter] There's actually a real photo. -A-al-al-al. -It was like, "No, no, it's clearly-- clearly generated." -It wasn't me. -It wasn't Al-A-al-al. I'd never do anything with a donkey. I didn't grow that goat. It was an Al-A-al. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. That's a great excuse for every single body. -Yeah. -It's like, "Oh, no, that was vibe coded." -That was-- -It was vibe coded. -I promise. -I wasn't even conscious about what the Al-A-al was writing there. It's put the Al-A-al in jail. [laughter] Yeah, we'll see how it goes. I mean, I'm always optimistic that in the grand scheme of things, humanity will figure it out. We will figure it out how to deal with all these things. But it is already very confusing, and it's going to get more confusing going forward. I mean, I still have some normal friends in my family as well. Quite like my mom is very normie, for example. She sends me the most insane fake stuff all the time. Not realizing it's all fake, basically. And it's just like, "Oh, mom, bless your soul." [laughter] It's crazy. It's crazy. So this will just get worse and worse. Yeah, it's going to get the worse. And I think that, as I say, we're going to have to answer a lot of questions. -Oh, yeah, absolutely. -Because it's going to be a nightmare. All these new wearables, like androids, DX, it's a partnership between Google and Samsung. They're releasing the new androids for augmented reality. Everyone is going to be wearing one of these glasses, and you're not going to be able to say nothing to them. They are going to just be recording everything. Let's see. I'm not sure. The last time this was tried with Google Glass, and everyone called them the glass holes, and everyone hated it. So it didn't really pan out the last time. But now it looks like regular sunglasses, so probably there is no turning back. But yeah, we'll see. I think one thing that you mentioned in terms of philosophical questions, kind of what is real, I think that's one of the most interesting ones, because it's so hard to answer. But also, people really crave realness. And I think, in the monetary sense, Bitcoin is the most real money, period. It's even more real than gold in some sense. Everyone that hasn't understood Bitcoin deeply will completely frown at the statement, basically, "Oh, what are the crazy people talking about?" But it is actually true. Realness is what is verifiable in some sense, and it is way more verifiable than gold, because you don't know how much gold there is, and you have to start mining all the other things. Maybe we drill down the earth much more, and we'll just quadruple our gold supply in an instant, what have you. You can't do all that with Bitcoin. Bitcoin also bottoms out in physical reality. That's what's so interesting about it. Basically, you can literally know what had to happen for this Bitcoin to exist, and so on. And so it's all traceable and verifiable, and so on. That's what makes Bitcoin so special. So in the monetary sense, Bitcoin is the realest money we ever had. And people really care about reality, and people really also care about money. And the other side of reality is like, what is authentic? The opposite of fake, basically. But not necessarily in the verifiable sense, but in the saying what you truly mean sense, in some sense. That's a big question. Yeah, no, but it's because there's all these aspects to realness, and what is real. Again, people really care about realness. They really, really do. And if you are in a kind of nanny environment, like if you're on a platform, and you're at the edge of being the platform always, you don't even have a way to express yourself fully. You just don't. So you're just going to lie for the reason of not being the platform. "Lie" is a strong word. But also that. But I mean, the Covid times showed this clearly. You're not going to say what you think. You're not going to say what you think. That's it, that's it. You're going to contend yourself. And so once we are in a situation where people are not saying what they think, how can we have any chance of finding out what's real and what's true? That's true. And so that's why I care so much about Nostra, the free expression side, because I do really care about reality. And I also really, even more than that in some sense, I care about our pathway and our tools of finding out what real is actually. What is the best approach to get a grip and a handle on reality? And so looping it back to close platforms, close systems, and close DLLMs, and all those kind of things, we won't be able to figure out what's real in a closed paradigm. We just won't. Because of all the things I just mentioned. It's like, you know, you'll have to lie. You'll have to, you'll have all these chilling effects, all those kind of things. You're going to be constrained. You're going to be afraid. Exactly. You have all these constraints. Yeah. Yeah. Convisionate. Yeah. And also long term, like the other thing is also, if you basically, if you need to box it in, the energy required to do the policing drains energy from the system. So long term, it's not even stable. That's why all authoritarian regimes basically fail, give them a long enough time frame. But anyway, thanks for coming to my second TAT Talk. That was a very strong coffee, man. Yeah. But some very good flag white. Yeah. So what's your plans the next couple of weeks and months for DVMCP? I'm going to keep exploring the spec. I was having, as we are hearing in Madeira and some, I was discussing with Hazard. Thanks for geodoxing me. No, no. It's okay. Everyone knows. I think that you mentioned this a couple of times already. Everyone knows. But yeah, I think I'm going to keep exploring the specification because DVM, a spec is something with design that's worth to be revisited. Yeah. It wasn't really designed with other lamps in mind, right? Or with this stuff in mind. Yeah. Yeah. What would you revise? Ah, so, yeah. Because the spec is very generic, right? Yeah. Not just that. It's like very bloated. Because every, like the current state of DVM and the spec says that you have job request per kinds. So you segregate the job request per kinds. So you have a kind for text summarization. Yeah. Yeah, I see. You have a kind for image generation. Yeah, all your transcripts, what have you. Yeah. And all of them have a very different schemas for the inputs and the output that you expect from that. So it really makes the spec really bloated. So if you want to support everything, you're going to have a great time. Yeah. Time to implement all of that. Yeah. And I think that that is a limitation. But and... So how would you revise it? Don't listen to the semantic web people. That's my only input. No, no, no. I was having a great discussion with Hazard about this. I think that he wrote this article yesterday, I think. About how DVMs are broken. Basically. This came from some discussions that we have. But yeah, payments for DVMs are also a big topic because now you have a lot of different possibilities to make payments. Yeah. And I don't know what it connects or just... It's not clear how you should pay a DVM. Yeah. Some of them expect that you sub the job request or some event in the middle of the process of you interacting with the DVM. Yeah. Other expect to use a new sub. Yeah. And it's not really clear. And the specification that tried to clarify that. I was talking also a lot with the don't believe the hype. Yeah. And he was... he's the most active guy working on DVMs. He's the DVM guy. Also dashing and very good people. But he was trying to clarify this and he wrote an extension for the NIP to clarify the new parameters that DVMs have or he's working with them. I never got merged. So it's pretty unclear how you should proceed if you want to create and work with DVMs. So I think that worth to revisit all of this. Also I think that we should use more the ephemeral kinds for DVMs because right now as I'm running DVNCP... It doesn't have to stick around forever. Exactly. Like I'm running... for DVNCP I'm running the website and I'm also running a relay for the backend let's say. I don't care in the majority of events. Yeah. Once they accomplish their... Yeah I mean it's... most of the things are very simple kind of job requests and once the job is done you don't care about the input event anymore or what have you those kind of things. Yeah. Also something that I'm really liking of exploring with my implementation of DVNCP is that I'm using a single kind for everything. Okay. So instead of... because it makes sense. I mean because it's all... it's all the natural language prompts anyway right in some sense. Yeah. It's because DVNCP have the protocol is specified. You have a method. Yeah okay. Everything is an MCP tool. So it's all the same kind. Yeah. So they are using a pattern that is kind of reflection. So they have this method that is kind of list tools. Well watch out we're getting rolled over. So they have this method that is kind of... You would think you're safe in the park. But no. No no no. It's like it's... You can get hit by a truck. In any moment. But yeah. I mean NCP have this reflection pattern which means that you have a method that is called list tools. And when you do list tools you are going to get all the schema that you need to build your request. So you don't have... you don't need previously schema or previously shared schema or something like that. You have a reflection which means that... The schema is part of the response. Yeah. Exactly. So you don't need to pre-define the schema. Exactly. You get the schema of the inputs and the output is also standardized. So you get what you need to make the request and to understand what you expect from it. So that makes that every tool can fit in the same kind because you can... beforehand you can understand how to input the data or how to build the request. Yeah yeah yeah I see. I see. That makes a ton of sense. Yeah. So both things are very new but DVMs predate MCP tools. Yeah. And so we didn't know of a way to have like a general purpose DVM that does all the things using LLMs basically using MCP. So now we have that that makes a lot of sense. Yeah but I also think that there is space for pre-define key. Oh absolutely. Not all absolutely because you... I mean if you want to add a watermark to an image or whatever you know you're not going to use an LLM you're going to use image magic. Yeah. Or like for some trans... you know like transcoding or whatever like converting one file type to another one you're going to use FFM pack or what have you. Yeah those kind of things. It's... I mean again like with MCP tools it's still... there's this layer in between where you have the natural language adapter so to speak for these tools but it's not always needed like I mean I think a lot of DVMs... I mean the main idea of DVMs was actually be like a vending machine like if it's something that's very very stupid take a coin give me something. And I think we... you know regular super stupid vending machines are still extremely useful. And yeah I think we'll just have both. We'll see. Not definitely but something to reflect about this is that you know it's virtually impossible that you can come up with an integer for every job request because job request can be so customized and so personalized like how the fact you define I don't know a kind for a specific job that I have. I mean we had this problem already with ports you know like with the port system where you have some numbers that are reserved but if you build a new application you need to come up with a new port number if it's network. And then you're just like you know there is many integers but that doesn't make it less messy. Exactly. Like they are infinite integers but they are also an infinite amount of possibilities so... There's more infinite real numbers did you know that? Oh yeah. Because they can be negative. I think that's a good thing. Mathematicians are so smart. Oh there's like 10 different kinds of infinity. The one infinity is bigger than the other infinity. Oh well anyways it's a boy. Yeah no I think cleaning that up would make a lot of sense and then I think it's just about building the tools and make it really easy for other people to create MCP tools for example or also making it really easy to create custom DVNs. Yeah. I'm really glad also for the work that I'm doing in DVNCP because I think that is the most the easiest way to create a DVM out of a MCP tool. That MCP is its own protocol so if you have a MCP server you have a DVM. And you don't need to write any line of code. Yeah. And that makes the library that I'm writing and the packages that I'm writing so lightweight and so like a focus on the specific task of the communication and the handling different stuff in the DVM thing and I don't have to bloat my packages because I have to support this on the other thing. Yeah. I just support the DVNCP concept is that you have a client, an MCP client that connects to the MCP server and you kind of grab that into a DVM which means that you are going to be listening to a relay and reacting to some events that can come from that relay and you also can publish things on the relay. So it's like a DVM wrapper for the MCP and that makes it so specific you know so that I don't have to support any of all the kinds of every use case or one note. Like at the MCP server have its own computation and do its own thing. Yeah. And the package that I'm building just do the rest. That is the networking part or the handling part of the with NOSR. Yeah. Yeah. No, awesome. Awesome. I think the most powerful thing what I saw the last couple of weeks is again I think it has to be really easy for someone to publish their things to NOSR so it can appear in the marketplaces and the things we talked about and what makes it so powerful is that like people can just pick it up and use it immediately if they want to. And we saw this in some of the demos where just you know some of the again coming back to some of the things that Pablo has been working on where you know to try to vibe code an app basically and it fails because the agent is confused and someone else publishes a code snippet or a specific MCP tool and without doing anything the agent kind of tries again and it fixes itself because now it has the more power, more knowledge. I think that is so powerful. I think it is so powerful because also kind of allow everyone to expose their computational resources or assets like you have we can as we were talking before we can take the IP address that you have as an asset you know. You are a person that use BPM, BPS, yeah BPM facts and you cannot watch YouTube anymore in a good way but maybe I am a person that I have an IP address from ISP and I don't care about VPN so I can connect to YouTube and it is on a red limit so I can create a DBNCP or a NCP tool that downloads things from YouTube and put it on Blossom for example and I can do that with any restriction and set that as a kind of assets. We saw with one of the experiments that B actually built it from Ziggit where you can do it for like any kind of HTTP request which was super interesting where it is just you know like I am willing to execute your HTTP request for you using my IP basically and I will give you back the result and so on and I mean I think we will see all of that if this type of experimentation continues we saw also the atomic swaps for example with the Snorlax thing that is just and so on. Yeah great name. S protocol and you could use that to again like execute all of that atomically. That is basically at the same time you get back the result and receive payment and like I only pay you if I actually can make sure that I get the correct result and those kind of things so yeah I mean it opens up a whole new area of possibilities so it is very it is quite simple building blocks basically in some sense. That is a beautiful part yeah. I mean it is simple at least it is very I think it is very understandable. It is like once you once you grasp. Approachable yeah like there is no hidden sauce in like Snorlax thing or whatever like you can actually look at it and understand it and so on and again like coming back to the permissionless nature of it all you can just use it and run with it and build stuff on top of it so. So it is bound to happen. Yeah and I think that these are the building blocks that really make us closer to this level of collaboration that really make us free because if we can collaborate at these levels. Yeah more market based less silo based. There is nothing that can stop us. I can nothing can stop me to send my IP to someone if needed and I can also benefit from that. Yeah very simple things like again like selling your idle CPU or GPU power. Yeah if someone wants to you know train models to do whatever and those kind of things again like I mean those are all very old ideas like city at home those kind of things did all of that protein folding like had a big boost with that and so on. But it is all like you actually as in it is not really a marketplace it is like very very big companies very big institutions doing that and trying to get everyone on board but I think once you flip it to a marketplace kind of scenario. But very interesting things are going to happen I think we will have a lot of innovation a lot of good stuff come from that again like coming back to the previous example of like browser extensions and so on it is like basically all my the browsers that I use they are just the kind of like a compilation of extensions in some sense. It is like if I can't install my like six seven favorite extensions I don't even want to use the browser because it is useless to me. Yeah I mean I am at least going to need an ostracizer in my browser. If I can't install that I can't use the browser for anything. Yeah that is definitely true. And I think that this is because we now kind of have the right building blocks as you were saying and these ideas are not new as you were saying but the building blocks that we have now yes they are new and they have a lot of potential. Oh yeah and we have existing infrastructure to plug in. We have Bitcoin we have Nostar we have those things. Exactly. Maybe we cross over to the other park. Let's go. Do one more circle and end with maybe not another coffee or there will be a third catwalk. But there are nice orange juice or something. Yeah orange juice is nice. Ah wow this park is very beautiful too. Oh yeah it is. No it is all very pretty and now it is officially spring I think. This weather is beautiful. Yeah it is great. We have like shit weather in comparison. You stop the engines when the weather gets better. It was because of all the nerds. The nerds brought bad weather. What do you think of the last six weeks? What did you get out of it? I enjoyed so much. I mean you are a veteran already. For me it was very It was the most enjoyable cohort I think this time around because No but I did the least. I did nothing but vibe code. That's great. I think that was super intense. Part of the intensity was because now we have these new tools that makes everything faster and try an error cheaper. So you can do way more which means that even if the effort that you have to put in to make that thing is less the mental effort is still the same level or more because you have to think faster to resolve the issues faster and so on. Because that makes everything super intense. You don't have one project anymore. You have like 15 vibe code projects. That is another question to answer. But that's the thing coming back to your point about the philosophy becoming more important and we touched on this in past conversations as well but it's like if you can't build anything basically the question of what to build and why becomes way more important. Definitely. You can build absolutely anything. Let's say this stuff works perfectly and you can vibe code anything into existence basically almost in an instant for free. What do you do? Like why are you actually building the thing that you That's the question. That's the right question I think. Because when you have a magic machine that do everything for you Now you have to choose what to do. The Austrians by the way figured this out. The Austrian economists is like I don't remember the author anymore but time the ultimate resource because they figured out that even if such a thing would exist hypothetically you still have time constraints. You still have to spend your time and attention on the things and so that's basically you know that was the rebuttal to the Star Trek universe. What if we have free energy and replicators? Everyone has free energy. Everyone has a replicator. You still have to answer the question what to replicate and that's a philosophical question and it relates to values and what kind of values you have and what you actually care about and you can't automate that away. So that's kind of Yeah, that's what we will have to focus on now in some sense. I mean you always have to focus on that but now it's even more pronounced I feel like. You know the perfect sentence for this is a great power comes with a great responsibility. Yeah, exactly. Spider-Man. The Uncle Ben. The legendary one. Uncle Ben. It's still totally true. Oh, absolutely. Now you have these so powerful tools that they are crazy man. We were talking about the instant communication that is something that we answer but now we have this technology that is fucking crazy what you can do. Instant Russian development team in your pocket. Yeah, yeah. Fucking inimaginable. But now what? Now what? Now you have to answer this question of what? What are you going to vibe call today? Yeah. Why? What, why and when? All right, let's maybe stay at this side. There's like a chainsaw on the other side so let's not I'll handle it a bit in this corner. Maybe stay away from the chainsaw. There is a step on the horse. I was like, "Oh, let's walk the park because it's going to be nice and quiet and so on." In the one park you get rolled over by a truck, in the second park there is a chainsaw. Well, city sounds. That's how it goes. That's how it goes. But I think that we touch some interesting points and very important points because we are going to have to answer all of this in the next years. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Start to think about that, make us more prepared for all of that. Because it's not something like, "We can avoid it." We can't avoid it. No, you can't run away from this. No, it's going to touch your life in one way or another and you're going to have to put yourself into the light and answer that. Even though we like ostriches putting your head into the sand, it's not going to be the best strategy going forward. You can work for 50 years or something like that, but not forever. And now we are reaching the point that it's critical. I think that right now the penetration of this technology is not the total penetration that we are going to see of this technology. It's just the beginning. Big companies are going to be a bottleneck. What I mean with this is that when everyone, like this technology gets really democratized and every company and every business are as little as they are, they are going to need this technology to operate. They are not going to be enough offered to supply the demand because these big providers are going to be a bottleneck. I mean, now everything is heavily VC funded. Oh yeah, yeah. VC subsidized. You see this clearly. The difference between the difference in cost and use of cost between using cursor and using root code. It's massive. So yeah, no, I agree. I think it will also get cheaper with technological progress and so on. But I think that the technical part is not using the only bottleneck. Oh, absolutely. The regulatory part is also a big bottleneck. Like what if I am an Iranian guy that wants to access. We saw it already with Google, right? It's a bottleneck for search. Like again, Google defines what the truth is from the point of view of Google. What are you allowed to find? What are you allowed to search for? All those kind of things. And if the political climate gets weird enough, then it's just like stuff will just fucking not show up and disappear and all those kind of things. And it was a very simple thing in terms of, I mean Google is not a simple thing anymore, but when compared to LLMs, basically like plain text search in some sense. And LLMs, it's like, what are the LLMs allowed to think in some sense? That's going to be the question. So I agree. It is like every central force by definition is the bottleneck. Every central thing is a bottleneck by definition. That's true. That's true. And I learned the thing that the role of us, like a people that develops over open standards and try to understand and realize what is this new technology and how that can be applied to our lives and how they can be deployed in a way that makes sense, is so important. And it's going to be so important in the future because when you have the 80% of businesses wanting to use this technology to operate and to create their business plans or their marketing plans or campaigns or anything or they want to outsource part of their workloads into this machine, it's going to be a lot of a big bottleneck because this, because not everyone is going to be able to access the infrastructure because there are not enough infrastructure or because the regulatory parts and the our role is going to be crucial. Oh, yeah. Like the role of open source and people that's open models, open systems, all those things are going to be very important. I think that's one thing that the 2027 article got right. Like they are predicting an almost like an ideological arms race in some sense, I would say. I mean, they phrase it as like a technological political one, but it's like basically whoever controls the models controls the future kind of scenario. And it's like US versus China. And it's already clear now that US models have, I mean, that's a gross over generalization, but let's say US models have Western values imbued and Chinese models have the values of the Communist Party embedded. And it's basically if you want to move the needle in terms of the ideological stance of the world, it's like if your model is the default model, then you can really move the needle. Oh, yeah. And they predicted that this is going to play out over the next couple of years. And I do agree with that. Like I think this is already happening and this is going to happen to your case. You know, like if you have an idea for a new business or what have you and you prompt the LLM to help you set it up and all those kind of things, like if it's the CCP model, then it's going to be a slightly different business than if it's another model and so on. So I think all of that is already happening. So it's just like, I think that, yeah, I'm not sure what to make of all of it. You know, I'm very close to just moving to, I don't know, to a mountain hot door, to a cave or something, just touching grass forever. Yeah, not touching a keyboard anymore. I mean, that's why I like I move away from keyboards now and just speak into microphones. I step forward. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a one step away from technology. But in all seriousness, like what me, what was most fascinating to me the last couple of weeks, like really exploring all that, or yeah, the last two or three months now or so is how, how dialogical everything with LLMs is. Like you really enter into a dialogue with the technology itself. Like you, the natural language interface is just like a constant back and forth and prompting and reading and correcting. And you are actually in a dialogue, like if you're like, it doesn't matter if you're using cursor or rule or what have you. You're in a constant dialogue with your IDE, for example. And that is very strange. And it is very new in some sense. It is very, very different. And that's also what I liked about, you know, like kind of us exploring all that together, because it was kind of the constant dialogue about all those things and all the topics you touched on as well. And kind of, I think that's the only thing we have to navigate anything is like constant dialogue and constant exploration. Yeah. And I think that also worth to explore the overlap between, you know, the natural language that we use right now to communicate and the natural language that we use to prompt. There is a big overlap between these two topics. And I think that we were talking about that the other day, but I noticed that by prompting LLMs and being very clear and concise. Oh, it helps you think in some sense. Yeah, yeah. And to put my ideas in order in the way that makes sense for a standard system that is kind of neutral. Yeah. And it kind of helped me to formulate things in order to express it to other people and some to a standard people. And that is something very interesting to explore, like the overlap between the natural language interface. Yeah. Definitely, we are into something here because the natural language interface is something that's going to prevail in the time. Oh, yeah. It's going to be like the same that from those keyboards to, sorry, to physical keyboards to those screens. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be the same. Yeah. You have at the beginning one interface with physical keys that you have to, I prefer that to be honest, but then we have the those screens that are more intuitive. Yeah, it's a massive evolution in terms of things. It's also, I like what, I don't remember now who said it. Maybe it was hazard. Kind of the next evolutionary step in terms of how we went from, you know, like assembly to higher level languages. And now we're going like higher level languages like C. And now we're going from high level languages to natural language, which is natural language and natural concepts basically, which is of course a layer above and then it gets translated to, you know, like type script most likely. Some form of JavaScript. Like if you don't define the language, it will just default to JavaScript. It's really funny. It's just like, okay. It's over-freeze. Everything I read, like 90% of the code I read is JavaScript. So I'm just going to use JavaScript. Humans really like JavaScript. That's basically what they are thinking. Oh my God, I hate JavaScript. Yeah, that's what people have to make for humans. Anyway, now that I don't have to write or read it anymore, I can just vibe it. Like JavaScript now. It's okay. It's okay. I mean, we should change our natural language and use it speaking HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Yeah, exactly. That would be a much better structured language. That would work perfectly well. Let's see. What do you say? Choose. Choose. I'm pretty cooked. Yeah. All right. Any final words? Last words. Any last words before Skynet takes over? And we're all going to die? We're all going to make it? That's fantastic. Thank you. Those are great final words. Let's see if we're still recording. Oh yeah, we're lucky. Nice. Let's see if we're still recording. Oh yeah, we're lucky. Nice.